Part 2: The Solution. 

Practices: The Planning Game, Small releases, Metaphor, Simple design, Testing, Refactoring, Pair programming, Collective ownership, CI, 40h/w, On-site customer, Coding standards.

The right design:
1. Runs all the tests.
2. Has no duplicated logic. Be wary of hidden duplication like parallel class hierarchies. 
3. States every intention important to the programmers.
4. Has the fewest possible classes and methods.

The management dilemma: authoritarianism vs anarchy. 

Essential XP management tool - the metric. The medium of the metric is the Big Visible Chart. Rather than send e-mail to everyone, which they learn to ignore, the manager periodically (no less than weekly) updates a prominent chart. This is often all the intervention that is needed. 

Split the responsibility and power between Business and Development.

The person responsible for implementing gets to estimate.

"How much for the coffee?" "The coffee is 25 cents, but refills are free." "Just give me a refill, then."

Exploration: Find out what new things the system could do.
Commitment: Decide what subset of all possible requirements to pursue next.
Steer—Guide: development as reality molds the plan.

Learn/test/code/release rhythm

If you know that someone else will soon (in a few hours) be looking at what you are writing at the moment, you will think twice before putting in a complexity you can't immediately justify.

Feed back what we learn into the design.

The system (code and tests together) must communicate everything you want to communicate.
The system must contain no duplicate code. (1 and 2 together constitute the Once and Only Once rule).
The system should have the fewest possible classes.
The system should have the fewest possible methods.
The purpose of the design of the system is, first, to communicate the intent of the programmers and, second, to provide a place for the logic of the system to live. The constraints above provide a framework within which to satisfy these two requirements.

Design through refactoring, design through pictures.

You write tests that might pay off.

If the interface for a method is at all unclear, you write a test before you write the method.
If the interface is clear, but you imagine that the implementation will be the least bit complicated, you write a test before you write the method.
If you think of an unusual circumstance in which the code should work as written, you write a test to communicate the circumstance.
If you find a problem later, you write a test that isolates the problem.
If you are about to refactor some code, and you aren't sure how it's supposed to behave,
and there isn't already a test for the aspect of the behavior in question, you write a test first.

Parallel test, Stress test, Monkey test


















