Object-Relational Behavioral Patterns

	Unit of Work: Maintains a list of objects affected by a business transaction and coordinates the writing out of changes 	and the resolution of concurrency problems. You can change the database with each change to your object model, but this 	can lead to lots of very small database calls, which ends up being very slow. Furthermore it requires you to have a 		transaction open for the whole interac- tion, which is impractical if you have a business transaction that spans 		multiple requests. The situation is even worse if you need to keep track of the objects you’ve read so you can avoid 		inconsistent reads.
	A Unit of Work keeps track of everything you do during a business transac- tion that can affect the database. When 		you’re done, it figures out everything that needs to be done to alter the database as a result of your work.
	1) Caller registration 2) Object registration 3) Unit of work controller

	Identity Map: Ensures that each object gets loaded only once by keeping every loaded object in a map. Looks up objects 		using the map when referring to them. The key reason is that you don’t want a situation where two in-memory objects 		correspond to a single database record—you might modify the two records inconsistently and thus confuse the database 		mapping. Another value in Identity Map is that it acts as a cache for database reads, which means that you can avoid 		going to the database each time you need some data.
	Choice of Keys, Explicit vs Generic, One per Session vs One per Table

	Lazy Load: An object that doesn’t contain all of the data you need but knows how to get it.
	1) Lazy initialization 2) Virtual proxy 3) Value holder 4) Ghost
	1. Lazy initialization is the simplest approach. The basic idea is that every access to the field checks first to see if it’s null. If so, it calculates the value of the field before returning the field. To make this work you have to ensure that the field is self-encapsulated, meaning that all access to the field, even from within the class, is done through a getting method.
Using a null to signal a field that hasn’t been loaded yet works well, unless null is a legal value field value. In this case you need something else to signal that the field hasn’t been loaded, or you need to use a Special Case (496) for the null value.
	2. A virtual proxy is an object that looks like the object that should be in the field, but doesn’t actually contain anything. Only when one of its methods is called does it load the correct object from the database.
	3. A value holder is an object that wraps some other object. To get the underlying object you ask the value holder for its value, but only on the first access does it pull the data from the database. The disadvantages of the value holder are that the class needs to know that it’s present and that you lose the explicitness of strong typing.
	4. A ghost is the real object in a partial state. When you load the object from the database it contains just its ID. Whenever you try to access a field it loads its full state. Think of a ghost as an object, where every field is lazy-initialized in one fell swoop, or as a virtual proxy, where the object is its own virtual proxy. Of course, there’s no need to load all the data in one go; you may group it in groups that are commonly used together. If you use a ghost, you can put it immediately in its Identity Map (195). This way you maintain identity and avoid all problems due to cyclic references when reading in data.
	Dangers: Inheritance - how will factories know what to create? Ripple Loading - many successive operations instead of one batch. 