Cooncurrency Patterns. 
Issues are: lost updates and incosistent reads. 
	Optimistic Offline Lock: Prevents conflicts between concurrent business transactions by detecting a conflict and rolling back the transaction. Whereas 		Pessimistic Offline Lock (426) assumes that the chance of session conflict is high and therefore limits the system’s concurrency, Optimistic Offline Lock 	assumes that the chance of conflict is low. Power of good merging. Optimistic Offline Lock only lets us know during the last system transaction if a 		business transaction will commit. But it’s occasionally useful to know ear- lier if a conflict has occurred. For this you can provide a checkCurrent method 	that checks if anyone else has updated the data. It can’t guarantee that you won’t get a conflict, but it may be worthwhile to stop a complicated process 	if you can tell in advance that it won’t commit. Use this checkCurrent at any time that failing early may be useful, but remember that it never guarantees 	that you won’t fail at commit time.
	
	Pessimistic Offline Lock: Prevents conflicts between concurrent business transactions by allowing only one business transaction at a time to access data. 	You implement Pessimistic Offline Lock in three phases: determining what type of locks you need, building a lock manager, and defining procedures for a 	busi- ness transaction to use locks. Additionally, if you’re using Pessimistic Offline Lock as a complement to Optimistic Offline Lock (416) you need to 	determine which record types to lock. exclusive write lock vs exclusive read lock

	Coarse-Grained Lock: Locks a set of related objects with a single lock. A Coarse-Grained Lock is a single lock that covers many objects. It not only 		simplifies the locking action itself but also frees you from having to load all the members of a group in order to lock them. Shared lock (shared version). 

	Implicit Lock: Allows framework or layer supertype code to acquire offline locks. The key to any locking scheme is that there are no gaps in its use. 		Forgetting to write a single line of code that acquires a lock can render an entire offline lock- ing scheme useless. Failing to retrieve a read lock where 	other transactions use write locks means you might not get up-to-date session data; failing to use a version count properly can result in unknowingly 		writing over someone’s changes. Generally, if an item might be locked anywhere it must be locked everywhere. Locking tasks that cannot be overlooked should 	be handled not explicitly by developers but implicitly by the application. The danger with Implicit Lock is that business transactions can fail in 		unexpected ways once developers stop thinking about locking.